In this video, we are going to test our application.
I already create a topology in gns3 with 3 mikrotik routers and 3 cisco routers.
I already configure The IP Address in all of routers.
I also already add all of devices in gns3
to django admin.
Now let’s try to test our application. Let’s do a configure first. Let’s check all devices,
and then put the mikrotik command here.
In this case, we will create a new bridge
interface and configure the ip address to that bridge.
Next. let’s put the cisco command here.
We will create loopback0 and configure an IP Address to that loopback.
Okay let’s submit.
Okay we have done. But if we see here, we
already success in mikrotik device,
but we got an error in cisco devices. For the detail
information, we can see in the log menu.
Here we can se the message is “time is not defined”.
Let’s go to visual studio code and see whats wrong. Let’s go to configure function.
We can see here that if the device is cisco, we use time function. But we forget to import it.
That’s why we got an error “time is
not defined”. Let’s import it
Now let’s try to configure the cisco device
again.
The command is still same,
Okay now we have successfully configure the
cisco device. Let’s do a verify config.
Check all devices,
and in the mikrotik, let’s
put a command “ip address print”,
and in the cisco let’s put command “show ip
interface brief”
Okay, this is the result. We can see that
now we have loopback interface in all of routers.
Let’s take a look in the log menu.
Here we can see that we have a verify_config with success status.
Let’s also take a look in the home.
Here we can see the last 10 event.
Okay.  Now Our project is done, and running
well!